                                                                                       Game : CyberWars                                                                                          

                                                                                            Story
 
it is the year 2062 and the robots have turned on the humans. The ai given to them by humans which gave them feelings has made them hungry for power . The entire civilization has gone into hiding and young Jack is the only one left above the surface . He makes a plan to go to the castle and steal the robots power source .  However he is not alone as some of his brave friends choose to help him . Can jack and his friends do it before the robots terminate the entire human civilization.

                                                                                            Obstacles

Jack will have to face many obstacles on his path to saving humanity . After reaching the castle he will have to get past the ardent security system , and the millions of robots guarding the palace wont make it easy for him . Along with the loads of traps placed everywhere , it will be a very hard mission for jack . 

                                                                                             Chance

To enter the castle Jack will have to figure out a 2 number passcode . the passcode wont have any repetetive numbers . It might take some time to figure out , but it isnt very hard.

                                                                                             Ending 

When Jack gets through all the guards , he will be faced by the king of the robots who will attempt to destroy jack with his deadly lasers . dodge the lasers and get to the king .After defeating the king Jack must destroy the power source . After this is done there will be a screen which will show that the game is over . 

                                          



                                                                                     Movement style : W A S D


                                                                                     Special action key : E
                                                      
                                                                                     
                                                                                     